---
title: "Blue Noise"
excerpt: "An immersive & interactive art installation about noise pollution in the ocean"
header:
  video:
    id: 955939854
    provider: vimeo
  teaser: /assets/images/blue-noise.png
sidebar:
  - title: "Materials"
    image: /assets/images/blue-noise.png
    image_alt: "materials"
    text: "Lexica, RunwayML, TouchDesigner, Bitwig Studio, MediaPipe, Generative Design"
---

Dive into the immersive world of “Blue Noise” an audiovisual installation funded by Ocean Week Canada. 
Created by the BluHeron Collective consisting of artists Christopher McLeod and Alex MacLean, this interactive 
experience explores the devastating impact of ocean noise pollution on marine life. Through projected visuals 
accompanied by a generative soundscape, participants witness the harmony of healthy marine ecosystems juxtaposed with 
the disruptive noise generated by human activities. As viewers maneuver their hands in front of a sensor, their actions 
trigger and modify the simulated pollution, offering a visceral connection to the consequences of our actions.

BluHeron Collective, consisting of artists Christopher McLeod and Alex MacLean, is an open collective exploring sonic 
art through new technologies and modes of engagement. Their explorations intertwine realms of augmented and virtual 
reality infused with physicality through sonic landscapes. BluHeron invites audiences into transformative journeys 
through sound and immersive mediums. Weaving innovative technology and live performance, the collective creates 
alternative reflections on contemporary social and environmental topics in an attempt to spark meaningful dialogues 
and provoke contemplation.